# Hello-Subscription-JSON-parse

a) Key Themes
  One of the major themes in these reviews are the mostly positive and effusive commments coming from the primary reviewer (Brandy).  It appears that since Brandy may be compensated by the box subcription puveyors for providing her review, she might be apprehensive to provide too much negative feedback through her reviews.  Having said that, there are some nuggets of honest disappointment buried within the reviews that can be examined further.  Within the negatively slanted reviews, it appears that a lack of customization of products and also the upselling of products were catalysts for discontent.  Also, there is a pattern of calculating the aggregate value of the components of the boxes and comparing that to the price of the box itself.  Any perception that the price of the box isn't a good 'deal' seems to invite negative comments in the reviews.  
  
b)  Plan for Understanding Negative Reviews 
  Since only around 5% of reviews from this website would be classified as "negative" it would be fairly simple to focus on these reviews and any patterns or trends that might be occuring in them.  For example, are there certain categories of boxes that more frequently generate negative reviews?  It is safe to assume that a customized fitted clothing box might produce more dissatifaction than a dog treat subscription box.  A keyword count might also indicate the most frequently occuring issues that customers complain about.  If the words "damaged" or "refund" appear most frequently we might assume there could potentially be issues with delivery or the construction of the package the product is delivered in.  The Author of the review would also be an important attribute to account for.  If an author only issues negative reviews 2% of the time, those reviews might be dissected more closely than an author whose reviews are negative 20% of the time.  
  
c)  Additional Data of Value
  1)  Would user continue subscription after discounted trial period?  This important metric would be of immense value in order to decrease churn rate amongst box customers.  The reviews of boxes are for a single trial period only.  The key to a profitable subcription box is to have a customer that does not immediately cancel his/her account after one delivery.  A second and third delivery would most likely go a long way in determining if the cost to acquire that customer was worth it.  
  2)  In this exercise, the creator of the website (Brandy) wrote over 92% of the reviews.  In this sense we really don't get an accurate picture of reviews for boxes across multiple customers.  Brandy may have hidden biases and past negative experiences that affect her reviews.  Gathering data from a number users across different demopraphics might help in further analysis.  
  3)  There is nothing easily quantifiable about any of the reviews.  While the sentiment analysis of reviews allows us to glean useful insights, some sort of categorical measurement (i.e. number of stars out of 5)  would be very helpul in quantifying the authors feelings towards each subscription box.  
